---
layout: post
title: Day 3
---

I am finished with my game as I have now added a score system that tracks wins and loses, along with putting them into a ratio. This completes my 3rd objective outlined in my previous posts (adding additional features if time allows, such as a score counter). I only needed some simple additions to make a system tracking the score, so they went off without a hitch apart from some minor errors with comparison opperators. My only major problems were with deciding how to make the ratio and fixing an issue with dividing by zero. For the first issue, I came to the conclution that I should write a new function solely to return a ratio from my wins to loses variable. Then I fairly easily fixed my second issue with an if statement as I just needed to check when my loses was 0 and return a different number instead. I also had to swap the data type of the return to string in order for my function to return a consistant data type. I felt a pretty nice sense of acomplishment from being able to finish my project, because, despite its small scale, I am pretty proud of my work and learned a decent amount while doing. Additionally, my game works without a download of any kind, all the user needs to do is go to the website and connect to the notebook. When this class is over and I have more time, I may revisit this project and make it in a .py file with tkinter so I can make an actual GUI, along with improving the visuals (like having an actual card be drawn) and improving the game (maybe having multiple cards).
