---
layout: post
title: Day 1
---

Disclaimer: The work described here was completed on Friday (December 13th), but written on Sunday (December 15th). Unfortunately, I was unable to write this reflection then because my sibling got home from college sooner than expected.

  I aimed to start this project by simply doing some research on how I would set up a higher or lower game while keeping it all in Colab. Therefore, I did not write much code on this day primarily focused on making sure I could complete my project to my liking within the restrains of Colab or if I would need to make a full-on GUI in a .py file. After doing some research into how to make buttons, scanning the documentation for 'ipywidgets', and messing around with some of the functions myself, I decided to stay on course and build the game in Colab. In said search and testing, I found out that making buttons is rather simple, however, the functions attached to them could not have multiple parameters due to how the .on_click() method worked. This was a major roadblock as I had planned to use several variables across different functions and started making me a bit frustrated. To get around this I tested with global variables and found they could circumvent many of the issues I was facing. Upon finding out about how to use global variables, I was pretty relieved as they seemed to fill most of the holes in my plan for how to build my game. All my other research and planning went pretty much without a hitch, which made me even more relieved and allowed me to get excited about coding what was to come, motivating me a considerable amount. My next steps seemed pretty clear from here: 1. code functions for if either button was pressed, 2. create a function for the core of the game and the buttons to be stored in, and 3. add additional features if time allows (such as a score counter).
